How's this?
So can your borrowed Sharingan extinguish that?!
I will show you the difference
between the real thing and a fake!
Damn it!
My sight!
Sakura! Why are you here?
Don't!
I won't let Kakashi Sensei bear the burden!
I'm different from you guys.
I'm walking a road that's incompatible with the rest of you.
The four of us worked together...
and it's true that there was a time
when I thought that was my road.
The four of us have worked together,
but in the end, I decided on revenge.
That's been my reason for living.
I can't be like you or Naruto.
I'll do anything for you, Sasuke!
So...I'm begging you, please stay here!
I'll even help you with your revenge!
I'll make it happen somehow, I promise you!
So stay here with me!
If that doesn't work for you, then take me with you.
You really are…annoying.
Don't go!
If you go, I'll scream and…
Sakura…
Thank you.
Sakura!
Stop, Sasuke!
Two Fates
Your timing is better than mine, Naruto.
I never imagined you coming here. You're a lifesaver!
Th-Thank you, Naruto.
Sasuke really tried to kill me.
If Naruto hadn't come, I would be dead now.
By Sasuke's own hand.
Sasuke… Sakura is a fellow ninja from Team 7.
"Was" a fellow ninja. I no longer belong.
Now do you understand, Naruto, Sakura?
His intent to kill is real.
Sasuke is no longer the same person as before.
Sasuke…
What?
I heard the truth about Itachi from a guy named Tobi.
The truth about Itachi?
I don't know for sure if what he said is really true or not.
But it doesn't matter.
What you've been doing is… understandable.
Naruto… I told you before.
You don't have parents or siblings, so you couldn't possibly understand me.
So outsiders can keep their mouths shut!
Do you know what Naruto has gone through for you?
No matter what rumors we hear about you,
he never stops thinking of you as a friend.
While everyone targeted you,
Naruto alone tried to rescue you!
Even now…
Rescue me? From what?
Well, from…
From revenge.
I swear I'll save you from the chaos of vengeance.
There's no need for that.
The stage has already been set for my vengeance to happen!
Just awhile ago,
I finally got to take revenge on one of Itachi's enemies.
How many Uchiha did you kill to get that right arm?!
It was Itachi who enabled me to get it.
You made him do it!
This is the Reverse Tetragram Sealing Jutsu.
Sasuke! Get away from Danzo!
I killed a high-ranking elder of the Hidden Leaf.
Someone named Danzo.
Sasuke killed Danzo all by himself?
I've never felt like this before.
I feel the tainted Uchiha name becoming cleansed.
I feel the Uchiha getting free from this rotting ninja world.
You guys couldn't begin to understand.
And isn't what I'm doing exactly what you Leaf ninja wanted all along?
You've always snubbed and put down the Uchiha.
So I'll help erase the Uchiha from your memories.
I'm going to kill all of you,
and destroy the Hidden Leaf!
Severing all bonds to the Hidden Leaf
is the ultimate purification!
And that shall lead to the Uchiha's true restoration!
Sasuke…
Hatred. The history of repeated accumulating hatred.
That is what created the Sasuke in front of us.
Though they may not realize it,
Naruto and Sakura are seeing with their own eyes
that Sasuke is a victim of the times we live in.
And that is why…
This is my task.
Naruto, Sakura. Get out of here.
But Kakashi Sensei…
If you stay, you'll see things you do not want to see.
Now go!
I…
Sakura, the poison-laced kunai Shizune taught you how to use
won't kill Sasuke.
Orochimaru gave him resistance to poisons.
What's more… You've come to terms with your feelings, right?
Sasuke… I healed you.
But your body cannot… withstand another battle.
Sasuke…
Don't move, Karin.
A vital point… Right through the hostage!
That's what I wanted to see.
Brother… One down.
No… I don't care about Sasuke anymore.
Kakashi Sensei, this "something" I don't want to see…
Are you going to kill Sasuke?
Go! Both of you!
Now's my chance! I'm not holding back!
Wait, Naruto!
Naruto!
There's a chance, Sasuke…
that our roles…
could have been reversed.
Run…keep running… and cling to life.
Then one day,
come before me with the same eye that I possess.
– Chidori! – Rasengan!
Sasuke… You remember, right?
The entire village used to despise me.
It's because I have the Nine-Tails inside me.
At one time, I hated the village too.
I even thought about revenge.
I want you to wipe off every bit of that graffiti!
Look. It's that boy.
Why is he allowed to remain in the village?
I wish the Third Hokage would reconsider.
Shut up!
You brat! Go away!
What's the big idea?!
Here!
I'll give that to you if you just leave.
Why? Why?!
Why does everyone, even my homeroom teacher…
Why do you all look at me like that?!
I'm not a nuisance and I'm not some kind of germ!
I'm… I'm Naruto Uzumaki!
One step in the wrong direction
and I might have conjured up some terrible plan just like you.
I used to think I didn't have any bonds with anyone.
That's until I met you and Iruka Sensei.
Koji! Time to go home!
Daichi! Dinnertime!
Okay.
Let's go home, everyone.
Mom!
What are you doing?
I told you not to play with that boy.
Come on, let's go!
Naruto… I'll tell you the truth.
You know about the incident 12 years ago
when the fox spirit was sealed, right?
Since then, there's been a certain law in the village.
A certain law?
Well…
It's a law that you were never supposed to know about.
Only me? Why is there such a law?
It's a law that forbids anyone from saying
that your true form is the fox spirit.
Namely, you are the Nine-Tailed Fox Spirit
that killed Iruka's parents and destroyed the village.
Ever since our beloved Fourth Hokage sealed the Nine-Tails,
the entire village has deceived you!
No one will ever accept you!
Die, Naruto!
Naruto, get down!
But…
I understand, Naruto.
You must have been so lonely, huh?
You must have suffered so much.
Forgive me, Naruto.
If I had been more reliable,
you wouldn't have had to endure this.
I almost gave in to despair.
But you and Iruka Sensei saved me.
I knew that you were always alone.
Watching you, I felt reassured that I wasn't the only one.
We were both kids, and looking back…
I had to live with the Nine-Tails and you, the fate of the Uchiha.
It's ironic that we had similar burdens.
To be honest, every time I saw you,
I wanted to walk over and start talking.
I'd get sort of giddy.
Because I felt like you understood me.
But I stopped.
The reason is because
I was jealous because you were good at everything.
So I made you my rival.
From then on, you've been my goal.
Hey Sasuke, do you remember
what you said to me long ago in the Final Valley?
The thing about when two shinobi are of a high enough level…
I just learned a lot about you by trading blows with you.
Can you tell what I'm thinking? Can you read my thoughts?
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "High-Level Shinobi"
Why are you so fixated on me?
Tune in again!